Update Reverse-Proxy-with-Cloudflare-Tunnel.md (#78)
louislam/uptime-kuma-wiki: Reverse-Proxy-with-Cloudflare-Tunnel.md

The steps are actually very simple. However, since the concept is pretty new to anyone, it may be good to write it in detail. 

> But trust me, once you learn, you will remember how to config without this guide! While for Nginx or Traefik, I never could remember how to config without googling it.

Reviewer: I think the wording is still a bit weird

```suggestion
But trust me, once you learn, you will remember how to configure a cloudflare tunnel without this guide! (for Nginx or Traefik, I could never remember how to configure them without googling it)
```

Author: > I think the wording is still a bit weird

Even better! Just wanted to point out without making a lot of changes to the doc that was prepared.
